create how to become a teacher from teaching assistant page (#4447)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/change-careers/how-to-become-a-teacher-from-teaching-assistant.md

---

> title: How to become a teacher from teaching assistant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Become a teacher if you're a teaching assistant
heading: How to become a teacher if you're a teaching assistant
```
You could use a heading tag so the page title (what's shown in the tab and search results) is a bit shorter. Although double check SEO terms.

description: |-

>   Find out about how to change your career from being a teaching assistant to a teacher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Find out about how to change your career from working as a teaching assistant to becoming a teacher in England.
```
You can use up to 160 characters in the description, so you can add more if helpful!
